# Wojciech ~irth Kwolek

Hello! You have stumbled onto my personal website.

Leave your shoes at the door and enjoy!

## Who am I?

Good question!

My name is Wojciech Kwolek, I am from Poland.

I like coding, creating things, usually while listening to music. I sometimes
roller-blade or ski.

## Links

=> https://github.com/irth                Github
=> https://git.r23s.eu/wojciech           Personal Gitea instance
=> https://mastodon.r23s.eu/@wojciech     @wojciech@mastodon.r23s.eu
=> https://matrix.to/#/@wojciech:r23s.eu  @wojciech:r23s.eu
=> mailto:me@irth.pl                      me@irth.pl
=> /public-key.gpg                        GPG public key

## Projects

### DoneTh.at

=> https://doneth.at
=> https://git.r23s.eu/wojciech/doneth.at-backend

* Flask (Python)
* Tailwind.css

DoneTh.at is a simple web app Flask that allows you to track your
productivity more objectively, by keeping track of your accomplishments.

It allows the user to assign points based on task difficulty, keep a daily goal
and view statistics.

### Together for Spotify

=> https://together.irth.pl
=> https://github.com/irth/together

(Temporarily offline)

* Ruby on Rails 5
* Tailwind.css
* Vue.js
* Capistrano

A web app that allows two Spotify users to log in and find the cross section of
their music libraries. It is then stored as a playlist, to which they can
listen together.

### Blag 

=> https://github.com/irth/blag
=> https://xkcd.com/148/

A static site (blog) generator written in Go, with optional Disqus and Google
Analytics support.

### Kiedy niedziela handlowa?
 
=> https://niedziela.irth.pl

A site telling you whether the shops in Poland will be open on the next Sunday.
(Large stores are not allowed by law to be open on most Sundays.) 

### GopherNews

=> https://github.com/irth/gophernews

A proxy that allows you to browse Hacker News using your favourite Gopher
client, written in Go.

### gm2html

=> https://git.r23s.eu/wojciech/gm2html

Converts text/gemini into HTML. Powers this site. Also contains a text/gemini
parser as the git.r23s.eu/wojciech/gm2html/gemini package.
