# A Duolingo helper to avoid skipping through corrections.

## Problem

I tend to go through Duolingo lessons quite fast (if you do not know what
Duolingo is, I recommend checking it out - it is quite a fun way to learn
languages, and for free.)

=> https://duolingo.com  Duolingo - fun and free way to learn languages

This results in me usually typing in the sentences at my 80 WPM (well, the
average is probaly less, but I'm trying to train it to be more consistent), then
quickly smashing Enter twice to first submit the sentence, and then accept the
"Correct!" message.

Sometimes, however, I make a mistake, and would like to read the correction
before advancing further. Unfortunately, my monkey brain got trained to mash the
Enter key twice to go as fast as possible to the next lessons.

Aaand then I decided to fix that with my computer-y powers.

## Solution

=> ./3_duolingo_helper/duolingo-tampermonkey.js  duolingo-tampermonkey.js

It is a simple userscript for Tampermonkey, which catches all the Enter
keypresses, and works as follows:

* If you did the exercise correctly, the second enter gets you to the next one.
* If you made a mistake, the second Enter keypress is ignored, you can read the correction, and then press Enter again to advance.

## Installation

To install it you need to get the Tampermonkey extension for your browser from
the link above, click on its icon, go to "Dashboard", then "Utilities", and you
can paste the URL from below in the "Install from URL" field.

Here's the link to Tampermonkey and to the script:

=> https://www.tampermonkey.net/  Tampermonkey - required to run the script.
=> https://irth.pl/blog/posts/3_duolingo_helper/duolingo-tampermonkey.js

Enjoy!

```
Written by: Wojciech ~irth Kwolek
Written at: 2020-09-23
```

=> .. Back
